README.md, before:

# Scraping-Scripts
## Disclaimer
These scripts are provided as-is. I assume no liability of any damage made by usage of these scripts.
## Usage
### You need the functions.py file for almost every script
### pantyhoseplaza.com.py
**Edit the script to define your download directory**
The script needs three parameters passed:
- The page number of the Movie Episodes category
- The username to use to log in
- The password to use to log in

The script downloads JSON-ized data, the thumbnail and videos in all qualities.
If you have any suggestions submit a pull request!

**IF ANY ERRORS POPUP RERUN THE SCRIPT, IF THEY KEEP OCURRING SUBMIT AN ISSUE**
Thx :)

### wotd.dictionary.com.py
*Requested by /u/nsq1*

Three different usages:
- All until today: python wotd.dictionary.com.py "/mnt/what/ever/directory/"
- Specific date: python wotd.dictionary.com.py "/mnt/what/ever/directory/" yyyy/mm/dd -single
- Date range: python wotd.dictionary.com.py "/mnt/what/ever/directory/" yyyy/mm/dd yyyy/mm/dd

There is currently one problem with the script. For any dates below 2014/03/01 it throws a 403. If anyone finds a way to fix it submit a pull request!
### thesandbornmaps.cudl.colorado.edu.py
*Requested by /u/WhiskeyQuebec*

Options and arguments:
        -s, --simple    Constructs the simple/flat directory structure
        -h, --help      Shows this text
        --from          Start at the given document number
        --to            End with the given document number
        --save-dir=     Store at this location

### wall.alphacoders.com.py
*Requested by myself :P*

Options and arguments:
        -h, --help      Shows this printout
        --update        Stops at first found already downloaded
        --save-dir=     Store at this location

## Donate
If you like my work and want to donate here's the button! :)
Actually there is no button. I have a personal PayPal account and can't set it up.

Commit message:

Added thechive.com.py script. README update.

README.md, after:

# Scraping-Scripts
## Disclaimer
These scripts are provided as-is. I assume no liability of any damage made by usage of these scripts.
## Usage
### You need the functions.py file for almost every script
### pantyhoseplaza.com.py
**Edit the script to define your download directory**
The script needs three parameters passed:
- The page number of the Movie Episodes category
- The username to use to log in
- The password to use to log in

The script downloads JSON-ized data, the thumbnail and videos in all qualities.
If you have any suggestions submit a pull request!

**IF ANY ERRORS POPUP RERUN THE SCRIPT, IF THEY KEEP OCURRING SUBMIT AN ISSUE**
Thx :)

### wotd.dictionary.com.py
*Requested by /u/nsq1*

Three different usages:
- All until today: python wotd.dictionary.com.py "/mnt/what/ever/directory/"
- Specific date: python wotd.dictionary.com.py "/mnt/what/ever/directory/" yyyy/mm/dd -single
- Date range: python wotd.dictionary.com.py "/mnt/what/ever/directory/" yyyy/mm/dd yyyy/mm/dd

There is currently one problem with the script. For any dates below 2014/03/01 it throws a 403. If anyone finds a way to fix it submit a pull request!
### thesandbornmaps.cudl.colorado.edu.py
*Requested by /u/WhiskeyQuebec*

Options and arguments:
        -s, --simple    Constructs the simple/flat directory structure
        -h, --help      Shows this text
        --from=         Start at the given document number
        --to=           End with the given document number
        --save-dir=     Store at this location

### wall.alphacoders.com.py
*Requested by myself :P*

Options and arguments:
        -h, --help      Shows this printout
        --update        Stops at first found already downloaded
        --save-dir=     Store at this location

### thechive.com.py
*Requested by /u/Broadsid3*

No options or arguments. Just run the script. I'll add them later when I have more time

## Donate
If you like my work and want to donate here's the button! :)
Actually there is no button. I have a personal PayPal account and can't set it up.
